K23:10
21/09/14
Room
And one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying,
If thou be Christ, save thyself and us. 40But the other answering
rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the
same condemnation? 41And we indeed justly; for we receive the due
reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss. 

42And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into
thy kingdom. 43And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee,
To day shalt thou be with me in paradise.

08:09
22/09/14
Room

Luke 24:30-31
When he was at the table with them, he took bread, gave thanks, broke it and began to give it to them. 31 Then their eyes were opened and they recognized him, and he disappeared from their sight. 

Luke 24:41-45
And while they still did not believe it because of joy and amazement, he asked them, “Do you have anything here to eat?” 42 They gave him a piece of broiled fish, 43 and he took it and ate it in their presence.

44 He said to them, “This is what I told you while I was still with you: Everything must be fulfilled that is written about me in the Law of Moses, the Prophets and the Psalms.” 
Then he opened their minds so they could understand the Scriptures.

22/09/14
Bus via Campus
Psalm 69:9
For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up;(got me reading this verse, further this)
Psalm 69:5
O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.(This proves my imperfection but not withstanding by
quecnh for perfection)
Over the course of last week I realised I was sinking with responsibilties, I realised that a verse of the bible could be right
for this occasion and that verse says it just as Jesus himself had said it. Came yea that are busy and are heavy laden, come
to me and I'll give you rest, take my burden upon you and cast it(I have to go read it...)

Take My yoke upon you and learn of Me, for I am gentle (meek) and humble (lowly) 
in heart, and you will find rest (relief and ease and refreshment and recreation
and blessed quiet) for your souls. [Jer. 6:16.]30 For My yoke is wholesome
(useful, good–not harsh, hard, sharp, or pressing, but comfortable,
gracious, and pleasant), and My burden is light and easy to be borne.

23/09/14
Room
Hebrews 10:35
Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompence of reward. (‭Hebrews‬ ‭10‬:‭35‬ KJV)
If the law can't get it all done, why then should we have it, however, in as much the law does its own work it shouldn't be cast away. However we shouldn't Folake the habit of meeting together..

Now what is faith
Hebrews 11:1
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. (‭Hebrews‬ ‭11‬:‭1‬ KJV)
If it isn't hoped for it's not faith.

Through faith we believe and through faith we expect
Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. (‭Hebrews‬ ‭11‬:‭3‬ KJV)

For these non-milinians believed and were propelled to just go on faith...they (Abel with faith sacrificed and his voice speaketh still haven been killed, Abraham sook for a country whose foundation was the Lord. Sarah was  however strenthed to hope for Isaac through faith...all of these greatpa and ma had reasons to do the opposite, but they however didn't. What exactly is faith?
But now they desire a better country, that is, an heavenly: wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God: for he hath prepared for them a city. (‭Hebrews‬ ‭11‬:‭16‬ KJV)
Is faith test, is faith sacrifice, is faith a journey, s faith obedience, is faith craziness, is faith hope is faith conviction?
By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son, (‭Hebrews‬ ‭11‬:‭17‬ KJV)
By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau, Jacob blessed the sons of Joseph, and Joseph prophesied ahead.
Is faith generational, opus faith grace, is faith a baton?
Is faith persistence, the war of Jericho, is faith a gut or experiment the setting apart of Moses, iss faith courageous like Esther,mg ideo, Barak, Samson, Jeptha, David, Rebecca, is it dependence on God? Then it came over to Jesus's day
By faith Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac: and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son, (‭Hebrews‬ ‭11‬:‭17‬ KJV)
What then would be said of our days what faith is ?

Lookin At the goodness of God in my in fact our lives
Who else has God been absolutely good to if not me? He indeed didn't just pulled me out of the Mirah clay he pulle out, which I'll say thank you Lord for also set my feet upon the solid rock but in my own words by his grace, he moulds me, he moulds my heart, my actions and my silence to the perfection that I could never and would never come any where close to.
When I make errors he chastise me, and uses people, people that love me to redirect me, he gives me the spirit to surrender to him and to serve people. He set my feet not on distractions, but on the centre of what life really is. Him himself.
I could have gone to SA to chase media money and biz but this is good as it could look isn't right. Instead p, from no where he has known that one day we would be back to UK how, I do not know, but he instead used the graduation to pull us back, back to enjoy and be back in two three weeks we thought, but he sent us on a mission.
A mission words can not spells, a mission that is still on folding. A mission that unfolds as we draw not close to, but as he draws us close to him and and draws us even close to in return.
If then this isn't my mission, like PDL says, it's not about me, if it's about the ever living God of all, the Almighty, the One Name Like No Other Name. The Creator of All things, the Alpha and the Omega, the ever loving yet powerful, the ever merciful, yet Truthful, the ever wise yes, answers the folly. If it's then about Jesus then why should I fear, why should I bother all I need to do are just two things.
Love you Lord with all my heart, my soul and my spirit
love my neighbour as myself.
All by you grace Lord.

24/09/2014
Oh lord we need your grace, Lord I'm calling on you, in fact we are calling on you for our GA fee and Stutern right from here to
Nigeria, also fo better understanding of the problem, how we should go about it and astute execution.
Thank you Lord
"Ed, thanks. We will take your offer again and we now trusting there'll be a way away around this before the course ends.
